We did NOT make these models.  As of writing this, they are all available for free in HuggingFace repos.
We are NOT interested in money.  These are all provided AS IS, with absolutely no plans to support them in the future.
The only reason this exists is for people who want to see what AI can do without having to pay.  If you find a service that does something you can not, and they want money, you should either pay them or learn how to do what they do.  This is here to help people learn how to do what (some) companies (rightfully) charge for.  We have tried to make it as beginner friendly as possible.  It is written in Python and can run (as of when this is being written) on the free Google CoLab GPU Tier.  It is entirely possible to adapt these notebooks into python scripts run locally on whatever hardware you happen to have.  That is beyond the scope of this project.
While technology itself is inherantly neutral, none of these notebooks have any filtering.  So if you do something weird / inappropriate / illegal, you are responsible for your own actions.  We STRONGLY suggest that anyone using these does so within the bounds of the laws in whatever jurisdiction they are currently in.  These are just an example of what the technology is capable of.  Don't go making shit you know you shouldn't and blaming the software you used to make it.  It's a shitty thing to do, and no judge or jury in the world is going to believe the software did it all on it's own.  Because that's not how software works.  If you are an adult and you want to do adult things with it, it will do those things.  We all know exactly where the line is.  Do not cross it.
Every effort has been made to make the code as transparent as possible.  Every line of code is commented with an explaination of what it does.  Every cell has a brief summary of what the code does overall.  All necessary files are included in this repo.  The best way to learn how to code is take working code and start breaking it.  Be brave.  If you ruin it, you can always come back here and get a fresh copy.  If you want it to "just work" it will without any changes.
If you can write a better version or if you write a new feature, feel free to go upload your own version on github (or anywhere else) without asking for permission.  This is your permission.
As far as we know, everything used here is open source / freeware.
Eventually, this will stop working.  Servers migrate, websites go offline, files get deleted, dependencies change.  When that happens, this will become a relic.  So, to anyone in the future, looking back, consider this artifact of the time when "AI" was nothing more than a fancy database running on a bunch of clustered ICs.
